add deprecation notice (#1448)
arangodb/docs: 3.12/release-notes-api-changes312.md

### Endpoints deprecated

### Endpoints removed

> #### Database target version REST API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Database target version API
```

> The endpoint `/_admin/database/target-version` has been removed in favor of the
> more general version API under `/_admin/version`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GET /_admin/database/target-version` endpoint has been removed in favor of the
more general version API with the endpoint `GET /_api/version`. 
```
